---
published: true
---
#### OSINT

Open source intelligence is a multi-methods methodology for collecting, analyzing and making decisions about data accessible in publicly available sources to be used in an intelligence context.> We loved with a love that was more than love

 In the intelligence community, the term ‘open’ refers to overt, publicly available sources.  We don’t have to interact with a person or a human to gather thus information. Do it passively from Google, social media, from websites from businesses. It’s all public information. 

Online identity is not who you are. Misrepresentation of somebody you are not. Sock puppet as a fake account, alternate identity, etc. the purpose of having a good sock puppet is to not draw attention back to yourself. The goal is never to let the person that we are looking into them. We are going to create a fake identity/person and this fake person might have a twitter account, might have a Gmail address or facebook and this should never tie back to you (IP address).

It should never be used on a device that links to your personal information, should never be used on a phone that ties to you. The purpose is to have an account that looks legitimate. That means creating content on this accounts, there should be some histories on these accounts. Make sure you are posting on the social media accounts. Establish more data to us so that we will look more legitimate. The main goal of the sock puppets is to do research and to try to investigate others.

### Search engine OSINT
Search your target name in all search engines. You can use Google, duck duck go(it’s more of a private based engine), Bing, Yandex, Baidu.
In Google to be more specific you can use wild cards and google hacking method and google advanced search to narrow down your search.

### **Reverse image searching**

To be able to identify people who are using pictures that aren’t theirs is really quite easy to do. Put their pictures in three different search engines to know what the result would be.
Take the image to Google page. It will identify the owner of the image. You can keep search by adding website to the search space. 

Top search is Google, Yandex, and Tineye.

Yandex will pick up similar picture related to the picture search. It’s useful when you are trying to hunt down somebody when doing investigation or looking for missing person. You can look at the similar picture that pops up to see if the person exist.




